Streamline debugging documentation (#3608)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/hooks/common_use_cases.md

Note: `DefaultAzureCredential()` is Azure's recommended approach to authorise access to data in your storage accounts. For more information, consult the [documentation about how to authenticate to Azure and authorize access to blob data](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-quickstart-blobs-python).
```

> ## Use Hooks to read `metadata` from `DataCatalog`

Author: Changed tense for consistency

        for dataset_name, dataset in catalog.datasets.__dict__.items():
            print(f"{dataset_name} metadata: \n  {str(dataset.metadata)}")
```

> ## Use Hooks to debug your pipeline

Author: This section was ported over from `debugging.md`

> You can hooks to launch a [post-mortem debugging session](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pdb.html#pdb.post_mortem) with [`pdb`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pdb.html) using [Kedro Hooks](../hooks/introduction.md) when an uncaught error occurs during a pipeline run. [ipdb](https://pypi.org/project/ipdb/) could be integrated in the same manner.

Reviewer: I think we capitalise Hooks right? It's debatable whether we should, but historically we have done this.

### Debugging a node

> To start a debugging session when an uncaught error is raised within your `node`, implement the `on_node_error` [Hook specification](/api/kedro.framework.hooks):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a debugging session when an error is raised within your `node` that is not caught, implement the `on_node_error` [Hook specification](/api/kedro.framework.hooks):
```

Reviewer: Or "that is uncaught" if you think that's more meaningful.

```python
import pdb
import sys
import traceback

from kedro.framework.hooks import hook_impl

class PDBNodeDebugHook:
    """A hook class for creating a post mortem debugging with the PDB debugger
    whenever an error is triggered within a node. The local scope from when the
    exception occured is available within this debugging session.
    """

    @hook_impl
    def on_node_error(self):
        _, _, traceback_object = sys.exc_info()

        #  Print the traceback information for debugging ease
        traceback.print_tb(traceback_object)

        # Drop you into a post mortem debugging session
        pdb.post_mortem(traceback_object)
```

You can then register this `PDBNodeDebugHook` in your project's `settings.py`:

```python
HOOKS = (PDBNodeDebugHook(),)
```

### Debugging a pipeline

> To start a debugging session when an uncaught error is raised within your `pipeline`, implement the `on_pipeline_error` [Hook specification](/api/kedro.framework.hooks):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a debugging session when an error is raised within your `pipeline` that is not caught, implement the `on_pipeline_error` [Hook specification](/api/kedro.framework.hooks):
```
